feat: Add RefreshContainer IAsyncCommand support (#684)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Overview/Reactive/in-apps.md

</uer:FeedView>
```

> ### Refreshing using RefreshContainer (a.k.a. pull to refresh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Refreshing using a RefreshContainer (a.k.a. pull to refresh)
```

The `RefreshContainer` does not have a `Command` property to which you can data-bind the command exposed by the `FeedView`.

> This is because the `RefreshContainer` needs to known when the refresh has completed in order to remove the loading wheel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because the `RefreshContainer` needs to know when the refresh has completed in order to remove the loading wheel.
```

> However, we have defined an `IAsyncCommand` which exposes an `IsExecuting` boolean which can be used to track the completion of the refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, Uno.Extensions defines the `IAsyncCommand.IsExecuting` property which can be used to track the completion of the refresh.
```

> We have also defined a `RefreshContainerExtensions.Command` attached property which allow to directly data-bind the refesh command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uno.Extensions also defines a `RefreshContainerExtensions.Command` attached property which allow to directly data-bind the refresh command 
```

> (or any command generated by the feed generator) to the `RefreshContainer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(or any generated feed command) to the `RefreshContainer`.
```
